native boards: Minor docs improvements (#65854)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/posix/doc/arch_soc.rst

    #endif
   }

.. _posix_arch_not_supported:

> Significant not supported features
> **********************************

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Significant unsupported features
********************************
```

Currently these are the most significant features which are not supported in this architecture:

* :ref:`User mode/userspace <usermode_api>` . When you build for these targets,
  :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_USERSPACE` will always be disabled,
  and all calls into the kernel will be done as normal calls.

* Stack checks: :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_HW_STACK_PROTECTION`,
  :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_STACK_CANARIES`, and
  :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_THREAD_ANALYZER`.
  In the POSIX architecture, the threads' stacks allocated by Zephyr are not actually used as

>   the threads stacks.

Author: Hopefully it is a bit better now :)

    #endif
   }

.. _posix_arch_unsupported:

Significant unsupported features
********************************

Currently, these are the most significant features which are not supported in this architecture:

* :ref:`User mode/userspace <usermode_api>`: When building for these targets,
  :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_USERSPACE` will always be disabled,
  and all calls into the kernel will be done as normal calls.

* Stack checks: :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_HW_STACK_PROTECTION`,
  :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_STACK_CANARIES`, and
  :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_THREAD_ANALYZER`.

>   Due to Zephyr allocated threads' stacks not being used as in other architectures. Check

Reviewer: Better yes! It just feels odd that the sentence has no verb. LMK if you feel the below is better.

```suggestion
  This is due to how Zephyr allocated threads' stacks are not `actually` being used like they are in other architectures. Check
```

Author: Changed :)
